-: Welcome back.
So let's go ahead,
and then deploy all the manifests, and then test it.
As of now, if we access the ssldemo, right?
http:// and then, ssldemo.kubeoncloud.com.
And if I say, /app1/index.html,
it's a, let me take this as HTTP URL, and then test it.
Okay? So let me close it,
and take the new private window, right?
And I'm going to access HTTP, and then test it.
So once we implement again, we can test this one, right?
So, and then, it surfs the not secure page
which is nothing but whatever we have provided, HTTP,
it provided the HTTP URL only.
And once we implement this change,
even though if we provide HTTP,
it is going to redirect to HTTPs.
So let me close this,
and go back to our browser, and then implement this.
Okay? So let's go back to terminal,
and then go to 08-ELB application Load Balancer.
And inside that, we are going to go to 0805
which is ALB Ingress SSL redirect, okay?
And kubectl apply -f kube-manifest. Okay?
So what happens here is already other things are created,
Pod, Deployment, all those things.
So those will not be,
those will be in unchanged state.
Only the Ingress usermgmt-restapp-service will be configured
with whatever the additional changes we have applied here.
Okay? So the additional two changes
which is SSL redirect setting,
and then SSL redirect path, right?
So now, let's go to our EC2 Management Console,
and refresh our Load Balancer, right?
And let's go ahead, and then edit the HTTP 80 rule.
Earlier, you have seen all other rules.
So now, you see automatically this has been changed.
So earlier you have seen app1, app2,
and then, /* for user management.
But now, the rule has been changed stating
that path: /*
then go https host:443/ again, /path
and then ? and then query, and then status code is HTTP_301.
So this change, whatever we applied, it took place, okay?
So now, we are going to say, file, new private window,
and then I'm going to say,
http//ssldemokubeoncloud.com, right?
And so, I'm going to say app1/index.html.
So it should redirect to HTTPs.
You can see that, right?
So, now, I can close this again,
and then, I can open a new private window,
and I can say,
http://ssldemo.kubeoncloud.com /usermgmt/health-status.
Okay? So now, if I click on Enter,
it should redirect to HTTPs, right?
It redirected. You can see the secure symbol here, right?
So you can even see the certificate here. Okay?
So that's about it.
So whatever we implemented,
it has been taken place, and then working as expected.
Okay? So let me close this browser,
and then come back to our steps,
and we have implemented, and then tested everything.
So the next thing is if you want to, means like, this one,
this step, you can remove.
So I added unnecessarily. Okay?
So I'll remove it. Okay?
So now, you have accessed the application,
and then tested it,
and then now, finally, you can clean it up. Okay?
So now, you can clean it up whatever we have implemented.
Okay? And then kube-manifest. Okay?
So I have completed the cleaning of the manifest.
So if you go here, and then refresh,
no load balancer is available.
One thing, we need to do is we need
to manually remove our ssldemokubeoncloud record set. Okay?
So this also charges money.
So ideally, if it is minor cents only
but why we need to have it here. Okay?
So our demo related to SSL is completed.
I will delete this. Okay?
So this is gone.
The next thing here is, cleanup is done.
One important thing you need
to know about Annotation References,
about the location where this Annotation can be put.
Okay? So this is additional tip.
So, we'll open this in a browser, right?
And if you see this Annotation table, right?
So this Annotation can be created only
in the ingress manifest,
means like this Annotation, you need to only update
in ingress manifest.
You can see other Annotations, they can be provided both
in ingress, service, either ingress or either in service.
Service, in the sense,
whatever the node port service we are creating there,
you can add it.
So the best example for it is our health check URL, right?
So ALB Ingress Health Check path, right?
So this will be provided, means like it can be used
either in ingress manifest or, in the service manifest
which is nothing but our node port service.
So like that, the location
of Annotations will be provided here
where you need to add it accordingly.
We need to be careful about where we are adding.
So if you have a service level scope for that then,
and then, if you need it in service level
for specific applications.
You have 10 applications,
and then you want the asked session cookie to be only
from one specific application.
So you can apply that only in that respective service level.
So like that, the greatest advantage also we have
with these Annotations related
to Application Load Balancer in our ingress manifest.
Okay? So this completes our SSL redirect section,
and in our next lecture, we are going to work
on ALB Ingress External DNS, okay?
So, so far, you went to route 53,
and then, adding the things manually here, right?
So, but once we implement the External DNS concepts,
so once you deploy all the manifests,
then automatically, your Route 53 records
that also get created automatically.
So in our next section, we are going to deal with that.
So, I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.